STATUTORY INSTRUMENTS

1996 No. 1327

ELECTRICITY

The Electricity (Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976) (Exemptions) Order 1996

Made 16th May 1996
Laid before Parliament 17th May 1996
Coming into force 10th June 1996
The Secretary of State, in exercise of the power conferred on him by section 100(2)(b) of the Electricity Act 1989(1) and after consultation with the Director General of Electricity Supply and the Director General of Fair Trading(2), hereby makes the following Order:—

Citation, commencement and interpretation

1.—(1) This Order may be cited as the Electricity (Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976) (Exemptions) Order 1996 and shall come into force on 10th June 1996.

(2) In this Order—

“the 1976 Act” means the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976(3) and “agreement”, “information provision” and “restriction” have the same meaning as in that Act;
“the 1989 Act” means the Electricity Act 1989; and
“the Department” means the Department of Trade and Industry.
Exemptions from the 1976 Act

2.—(1) The agreement specified in paragraph (2) below is specified as an agreement to which, by virtue of section 100(2) of the 1989 Act, the 1976 Act does not apply and is deemed never to have applied.

(2) The specified agreement is the agreement effective from 1st April 1996, relating to the generation and supply of nuclear generated electricity by AGR & PWR Co. Limited (now named Nuclear Electric Limited) and Scottish Nuclear Limited, as subsidiaries of British Energy plc, independently from Nuclear Electric plc (now named Magnox Electric plc) and comprising the agreements specified in Schedule 1 to this Order.

(3) Any agreement which is of the description specified in paragraph (4) below and which satisfies the condition specified in paragraph (5) below is an agreement to which, by virtue of section 100(2) of the 1989 Act, the 1976 Act does not apply and is deemed never to have applied.

(4) The specified description is any agreement which constitutes a variation of or an amendment to the agreement specified in paragraph (2) above or which constitutes a variation of or an amendment to any agreement to which this paragraph applies.

(5) The condition referred to in sub-paragraph (3) above is that —

(a)it does not add to or extend any restrictions or information provisions contained in the agreement which it varies or amends; or

(b)it is a variation of or an amendment to an agreement specified in paragraphs 5 to 132 and 282 to 287 of Schedule 1; or

(c)it is in the terms of a draft of which a copy is provided to the Department before the date on which the agreement is made; or

(d)it contains a provision that any restrictions or information provisions which it contains or any provision adding to or extending any restrictions or information provisions contained in the agreement which it varies or amends shall not take effect or shall cease to have effect—

(i)if a copy of the agreement is not provided to the Department within 28 days of the date on which the agreement is made, or

(ii)if, within 28 days of the provision of the copy, the Department gives notice of objection to the party providing it.

John M. Taylor,Minister for Competition and Consumer Affairs,Department of Trade and Industry
16th May 1996
Article 2
SCHEDULE 1

I. SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN AGR & PWR CO LIMITED AND NUCLEAR ELECTRIC PLC

1.  The agreement entitled Composite Restructuring Agreement between Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Scotland, Nuclear Electric plc, British Energy plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Scottish Nuclear Limited.

2.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Part of the Business and Assets of Nuclear Electric plc between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

3.  The agreement entitled Claims Handling Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited, Nuclear Electric plc and Scottish Nuclear Limited.

4.  Deed concerning Payment of monies upon the disposal or deemed disposal of various properties between British Energy plc and Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry.

Transfers or Assignments between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited (unless otherwise indicated) concerning land and/or premises at:

5.  Agecroft Training Centre, Agecroft Road, Swinton, Manchester.

6.  Barnwood Rd and Barnett Way, Barnwood, Glos.

7.  100 Barnwood Fields, Barnett Way, Barnwood, Gloucester (leasehold).

8.  Cliff Quay Training Centre, Ipswich, Suffolk.

9.  90 Sandyhill Lane, Ipswich, Suffolk (adjoining Cliff Quay).

10.  Dungeness B Nuclear Power Station, Dungeness, Romney Marsh, Kent including 1 – 11 RNSS Cottages, Romney Marsh, Kent and District Survey Laboratory.

11.  Sports and Social Club and converter station, Lydd, Kent.

12.  Units 3 – 5, St Oswald’s Industrial Estate, Gloucester.

13.  Ground Floor, Alexandra Warehouse, Gloucester Docks, Gloucester.

14.  Hartlepool Nuclear Power Stations, Tees Road, Hartlepool, Cleveland and 2 transfers of mines and minerals.

15.  District Survey Lab, Unit 9, Hunter’s House Estate, Tofts Road East, Hartlepool.

16.  Press Briefing Centre and Operational Support Centre and adjoining land at North Tees, Middlesborough, Cleveland.

17.  Heysham 1 & 2 Nuclear Power Stations, Heysham, Morecombe, Lancashire.

18.  Heysham Sports and Social Club.

19.  Operational Support Centre, Caton Road, Lancaster.

20.  Hinkley Point B (and C) Nuclear Power Station, Hinkley Point, Bridgwater, Somerset and agricultural land.

21.  Land adjacent to Hinkley Point B power station, Bridgwater, Somerset, if first sold to Vendor.

22.  District laboratory, Combwich District Lab and RORO berth, Combwich, Sedgemoor, Somerset.

23.  Land at Combwich Wharf (Dolphins), Sedgemoor, Somerset.

24.  Hinkley Point Sports and Social Club, Marsh Lane Huntsworth Bridgwater.

25.  Stone Barn, Brookside Road, Combwich, Somerset.

26.  The Island, W Huntspill, Somerset.

27.  Unit 5 Longridge Industrial Estate, Mobberley Road, Knutsford, Cheshire.

28.  123 Pall Mall, London SW1 between Nuclear Electric plc and British Energy plc.

29.  Ground and part Basement and part Mezzanine Floors, 123 Pall Mall, London SW1 between Nuclear Electric plc and British Energy plc.

30.  Flat 7, 1 – 2 Bramham Gardens, London SW5 between Nuclear Electric plc and British Energy plc.

31.  3 Rembrandt Close, Graham Terrace, London SW1.

32.  The Lunesdale Suite, Ground Floor apartment, the Hermitage, Crook of Lune, Lancaster, Lancashire.

33.  15 Brookmead, Thornbury, Avon.

34.  1 Finch Close, Thornbury, Avon.

35.  21 Primrose Drive, Thornbury, Avon.

36.  Sizewell B Nuclear Power Station and land adjoining to the north, Sizewell, Leiston, Suffolk.

37.  Land on the north and south sides of Sandy Lane, Leiston, Suffolk.

38.  Sizewell District Survey Laboratory, Lovers Lane, Leiston, Suffolk.

39.  Sizewell B Stores Masterlord Industrial Estate, Leiston, Suffolk.

40.  Sizewell Sports and Social Club, King George’s Avenue, Leiston, Suffolk.

41.  Land at Coldfair Green adjoining Judith Avenue, Knodishall, Suffolk.

42.  Mount Pleasant Farm, Dunwich, Suffolk.

43.  1 Rosery Cottages, Sandy Lane, Sizewell, Suffolk.

44.  2 Rosery Cottages, Sandy Lane, Sizewell, Suffolk.

45.  The Common Farmhouse, Leiston, Suffolk.

46.  158 King George’s Avenue, Leiston, Suffolk.

47.  4.5 acres of land on the south side of King George’s Avenue, Sizewell, Suffolk.

48.  Alde House, Leiston Road, Theberton, Suffolk.

49.  The Old Manor, Leiston Road, Theberton, Suffolk.

50.  4 The Sanctuary, Thorpeness, Suffolk.

51.  Building known as part of Leiston Works, Leiston, Suffolk.

52.  Sunny Patch, Middleton Road, Yoxford, Suffolk.

53.  Upper and Lower Abbey farms and associated cottages, Leiston, Suffolk.

54.  Unit No. DC699/5C, Eastlands Road Industrial Estate, Leiston, Suffolk.

55.  Timpson Road, Wythenshawe, Manchester Leasehold (subject to lease of part to Nynex Cablecomms Ltd if completed to the date of the transfer).

56.  Local Emergency Centre at Hutton Police Headquarters, Preston, Lancashire.

57.  Local Emergency Centre at Police Headquarters, Ladgate Lane, Cleveland.

58.  Local Emergency Centre at Police Headquarters, Sutton Road, Maidstone, Kent.

59.  Communications Centre, Taunton, Somerset.

60.  Local Emergency Centre at Suffolk Police Headquarters, Martlesham, Suffolk.

61.  Booths Hall, Knutsford, Cheshire.

62.  26 Frankfield Place, Dalgety Bay, Fife.

63.  Deed of Assignment re acquistion of Clubhouse, Heysham, Morecombe, Lancashire.

64.  Deed of Assignment re land to be acquired from Heysham Port Limited.

Leases and licences between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited

65.  Lease of Electricity Substation at Sizewell B Nuclear Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

66.  Lease of District Survey Laboratory and land at Sizewell B Nuclear Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

67.  Lease of Hill Wood at Sizewell A Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

68.  Lease of A Reservoir at Sizewell B Nuclear Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

69.  Lease of Ferrous Sulphate Dosing Plant at Hinkley Point B Power Station, Somerset.

70.  Lease of part of the administration building at Hinkley Point A.

71.  Lease of other part of administration building at Hinkley Point B.

72.  Lease of Visitor’s Centre at Dungeness B Nuclear Power Station Near Lydd, Kent.

73.  Lease of Oldbury Training Centre.

74.  Underlease of part of Oldbury Training Centre.

75.  Tenancy of Part of Berkeley Centre, Berkeley, Gloucester.

76.  Licence to use car parking spaces at Sizewell A Power Station, Sizewell, Suffolk.

77.  Licence to share use of helicopter landing site at Sizewell B Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

78.  Licence to use car parking spaces at Hinkley Point B Power Station, Stogursey, Somerset.

79.  Licence to use car parking spaces and contractors' compound at Hinkley Point A Power Station, Stogursey, Somerset.

80.  Licence to share use of helicopter landing site at Hinkley Point.

81.  Licence to use car parking spaces at Dungeness B Power Station, Near Lydd, Kent.

82.  Licence to share use of helicopter landing site at Dungeness.

83.  Licence for shared radio mast at Trawsfynydd.

84.  Licence for shared radio mast at Wylfa.

Other Property Documents

85.  Deed of Grant between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited of rights for emergency escape relating to Dungeness B Nuclear Power Station.

86.  The agreement entitled Shoreline Management Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Sizewell A and B Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

87.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and The National Grid Company plc relating to land at the Hartlepool Power Station.

88.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and The National Grid Company plc relating to land at the Sizewell A and Sizewell B Power Station, Leiston, Suffolk.

89.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited, Nuclear Electric plc and The National Grid Company plc relating to land at the Dungeness B Power Station, Lydd, Kent.

90.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited, Nuclear Electric plc, and The National Grid Company plc relating to land at the Hinkley Point A and B Power Station, Stogursey, West Somerset.

91.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and The National Grid Company plc relating to land at the Oldbury Power Station.

92.  Deed of Covenant between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and The Tees and Hartlepool Port Authority Ltd relating to mines and minerals under land at Seaton Snook, Hartlepool.

93.  Option Agreement between Nuclear Electric Ltd and National Power plc relating to land at the Hartlepool Power Station, Hartlepool.

94.  The agreement entitled Nuclear Site Licence Provisions Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and The National Grid Company plc.

95.  Deed of Release from Nuclear Site Licence Provisions Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and The National Grid Company plc.

96.  The agreement entitled Nuclear Site Licence Provisions Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and NORWEB plc.

97.  The agreement entitled Assignment of Nuclear Site Licence Provisions Agreements (made with the GEGB, NEEB and NWEB) between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

98.  The agreement entitled Nuclear Site Licensees Nuclear Safety Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

99.  The Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Relocation Agreement dated 15th March 1994 between (1) Nationwide Relocation Limited and (2) Nuclear Electric plc and Relocation Agreement dated 25th July 1995 between (1) Hambro Countrywide Relocation Plc (2) HCR Funding Corporation Limited and (3) Nuclear Electric plc.

100.  Licence to Assign between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Chelt Developments Limited relating to Barnwood Way, Barnwood, Gloucestershire.

101.  Licence to Assign between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Croftshire Investments Limited, relating to Units 3 – 5 St Oswalds, Gloucester.

102.  Licence between Cluttons and British Energy plc relating to car parking spaces at Carlton House Terrace Garage.

103.  Licence between Railtrack Plc, AGR & PWR Co. and Nuclear Electric plc Limited relating to the use of the Lydd level crossing.

104.  Licence between Trustees of the Dungeness Estate and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Beach Feeding at Dungeness.

105.  Licence between Shepway District Council and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Beach Feeding at Dungeness.

106.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Arfon from National Transcommunications Limited to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

107.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Frys Hill from South Western Electricity plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

108.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Stoodleigh Beacon from South Western Electricity plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

109.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at High Man from NORWEB plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

110.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Dunhazels Radio Room from NORWEB plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

111.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Dunhazels Radio Mast from North Yorkshire Police Authority to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

112.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Fairlight Road from SEEBOARD plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

113.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Eston Nab from Phillips Telecom to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

114.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Arlesford from Eastern Group plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

115.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Linstead Magna from Eastern Group plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

116.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Danbury from Eastern Group plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

117.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Airey Hill (access) from The Trustees of the Shelton and Gilling Estate to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

118.  Supplemental letter relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreement at Mynydd Rhiw from North Wales Police Authority to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

119.  Novation agreement between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Aerial Sites plc.

120.  Supplemental letters relating to Radio Mast Licence Agreements from British Gas plc to AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

121.  Letter from AGR & PWR Co. Limited to Nuclear Electric plc relating to Denge Water Treatment Plant.

122.  Letter from Mrs Farida Kamal to Nuclear Electric plc and British Energy plc relating to Transfer of Flat 7, 1 – 2 Bramham Gardens, London SW5.

123.  Counterpart Licence between D.D.K. Land Investments Limited, Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Unit 5 Longridge Industrial Estate, Knutsford.

124.  Counterpart Novation Letter from NDA Consulting Engineers to Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Edmundson House, Knutsford.

125.  Deed of Covenant between NORWEB plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Agecroft Training Centre.

126.  Deed of Covenant between National Power plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Agecroft, Manchester.

127.  Deed of Covenant between National Power plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Cliff Quay, Ipswich.

128.  Licence between British Waterways Board and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Hinkley Sports and Social Club.

129.  Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited, and G S Olgivie relating to pre-emption rights to land at Sizewell, Suffolk.

130.  Licence to assign and deed of variation relating to Sizewell Sports Ground between Suffolk Coastal District Council, Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

131.  Licence to assign land and premises fronting Timpson Road, Wythenshawe between The Council of the City of Manchester, Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

132.  Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and British Energy plc relating to properties to be vested in British Energy plc.

Intellectual Property Agreements

133.  The agreement entitled Intellectual Property Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

134.  The agreement entitled Trade Mark Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

135.  The agreement entitled PWR Design Intellectual Property Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

136.  The agreement entitled Copyright Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to British Energy Logo.

137.  Novation Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Westinghouse Energy Systems, Inc, Westinghouse Electric Corporation, and Westinghouse Electric Limited.

Fuel Cycle

138.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Manufacture of Non-Standard AGR Fuel and Provision of Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

139.  Deed of Novation for Agreement for Manufacture of Non-Standard AGR Fuel and Provision of Related Services between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

140.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Manufacture of Non-Standard Magnox Fuel and Provision of Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

141.  The agreement entitled AGR Technical Services Agreement British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

142.  Deed of Novation for AGR Technical Services Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

143.  The agreement entitled Magnox Technical Services Agreement between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

144.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Oxide Miscellaneous Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

145.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement dated 17th March 1995 for the Conversion of Uranium Ore Concentrate to Uranium Hexafluoride.

146.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement dated 31st March 1996 for Oxide Miscellaneous Services.

147.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement dated 31st March 1995 for the provision of Services relating to the Transportation and Storage of Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6.

148.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Magnox Miscellaneous Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

149.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Oxide Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

150.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement dated 31st March 1996 for Oxide Flask Maintenance.

151.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Magnox Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

152.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Provision of Services relating to the Receipt and Storage of Uranium Ore Concentrate (AGR) between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

153.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1996 for Provision of Services relating to the Receipt and Storage of AGR Uranium Ore Concentrate.

154.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Provision of Services relating to the Receipt and Storage of Uranium Ore Concentrate (Magnox) between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

155.  Side Letter from British Nuclear Fuels Limited to Nuclear Electric plc relating to Flatrols and Irradiated Oxide Fuel.

156.  Deed of Novation between British Nuclear Fuels Limited, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc in respect of a Side Letter regarding Flatrols.

157.  Side Letter from British Nuclear Fuels Limited to Nuclear Electric plc relating to Flatrols and Irradiated Magnox Fuel.

158.  Side Letter from British Nuclear Fuels Limited to Nuclear Electric plc with respect to Reconciliation in respect of AGR Nuclear Fuel Cycle Services.

159.  Side Letter from Nuclear Electric plc to British Energy plc with respect to Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Magnox Fuel and Related Services (as amended).

160.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

161.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and Related Services between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

162.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Magnox Fuel and Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

163.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Supply of Fuel for Use in Advanced Gas-cooled Reactors and Associated Decommissioning between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

164.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Supply of Fuel for Use in Advanced Gas-cooled Reactors and Associated Decommissioning between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

165.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for the Supply of Fuel for Use in Magnox Reactors and Associated Decommissioning between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

166.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for the Provision of Services Relating to the Transportation and Storage of Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6 between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

167.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 28 February 1995 for Provision of Services Relating to the Transportation and Storage of Uranium Ore Concentrate, Natural UF6, Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6 between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

168.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Additional Payments in Respect of Nuclear Fuel Services relating to Liabilities in respect of Storage of Tails UF6 between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

169.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Additional Payments in Respect of Nuclear Fuel Services Relating to Liabilities in Respect of Storage of Tails UF6 between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

170.  Deed of Amendment in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for the Storage Recovery and Disposal of Historic Uranic Residues between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

171.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1995 for Additional Payments in respect of Nuclear Fuel Services relating to the Decommissioning of Land, Capital Plant, Buildings, Equipment and other Facilities at Capenhurst between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

172.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 12 February 1990 for the Supply of First Charge Fuel and Supporting Services for Sizewell B Power Station between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

173.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement dated 31 March 1994 for the Supply of Reload Fuel for use in Sizewell B PWR between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

174.  Notice of Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc, S.M. Stoller Corporation and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Agreement for Review of Enquiry Documents for Reload Fuel Fabrication Services dated 4 March 1996.

175.  Notice of Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc, S.M. Stoller Corporation and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Agreement for the provision of Technical Services in Support of the Fuel Contract for the Supply of the First Reload for the Sizewell B PWR dated 1 December 1994.

176.  The agreement entitled Umbrella Deed Relating to the Restrictive Trade Practices Act between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and British Nuclear Fuels Limited.

177.  Deed of Release and Discharge between British Nuclear Fuels Limited and Nuclear Electric plc in respect of Liabilities relating to the Decommissioning of Land, Capital Plant, Buildings, Equipment and other Facilities at Springfields.

178.  Deed of Novation in respect of Agreement for Release and Discharge of Liabilities Relating to the Decommissioning of Land, Capital Plant, Buildings, Equipment and other Facilities at Springfields between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

179.  Notice of Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc, United States Enrichment Corporation and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Agreement for the Sale of Enrichment Services dated 2 March 1994.

180.  Agreement of assignment for Uranium Enrichment Contract dated 31 October 1985 and consolidated under an agreement signed by Euratom on 6 October 1994 between Nuclear Electric plc and Techsnabexport.

181.  Notice of Assignment of Agreement for the Sale of Natural Uranium Hexafluoride (“UF6”) dated 2 March 1995 between NUKEM GmbH, Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

182.  Agreement for Supply of AGR QA Services BR3 Offset Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and Kennedy & Donkin Quality Engineering.

183.  Notice of Assignment of Contract for the Supply of Uranium Conversion and Enrichment Services dated 10 January 1975 and consolidated under an agreement signed by Euratom on 5 August 1994 between Nuclear Electric plc and Techsnabexport.

184.  Notice of Assignment of Agreement for the Sale of Natural Uranium Hexaflouride dated 16 February 1996 between Nuclear Electric plc and Urangesellschaft mbH.

185.  Notice of Assignment of Uranium Concentrates Purchase/Sales Agreement dated 23 March 1995 between Nuclear Electric plc and Energy Resources of Australia Ltd.

186.  Notice of Assignment of Uranium Concentrates Purchase/Sales Agreement dated 14 February 1995 between Nuclear Electric plc and Uranerz Exploration and Mining Limited.

187.  Notice of Assignment of Subscription Agreement dated 6 June 1994 in relation to Uranium Price Information System between Nuclear Electric plc and Nuclear Assurance Corporation.

188.  Notice of Assignment of Agreement for the Loan of Enriched UF6 dated 2 January 1992 between Nuclear Electric plc and Combustion Engineering Inc.

189.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement for the Provision of Services Relating to the Transportation of Uranium Ore Concentrates, Natural UF6, Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6 dated 28 February 1995.

190.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement for the Conversion of Uranium Ore Concentrate to Uranium Hexafluoride dated 17 March 1995.

191.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, British Nuclear Fuels Limited and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of Agreement for the Loan of Enriched Uranium Dioxide Powder (also known as the Generic Pro-Forma Agreement) dated 10 March 1992.

192.  Deed of Novation in respect of the Uranium Enrichment Contract dated 4 November 1993, as amended, between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Urenco Limited.

193.  Deed of Novation between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Urenco Limited in respect of the Fixed Commitment Uranium Enrichment Contract dated 5 November 1985, as amended.

194.  The Novation Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc, WMC (Olympic Dam Corporation) Pty. Ltd and AGR & PWR Co. Limited in respect of the Uranium Sales Agreement dated 14 March 1995.

195.  Notice of Assignment from Nuclear Electric plc to Cogema relating to the Agreement for the Sale of Natural Uranium between Nuclear Electric plc and Cogema.

196.  The agreement entitled Interim Agreement Relating to Movements of Fuel Flasks between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

197.  The agreement entitled Flask Fleet Services Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

198.  The agreement between British Nuclear Fuels Limited plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited, United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority, Nuclear Electric plc, Scottish Nuclear Limited, the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and United Kingdom Nirex Limited entitled Supplemental Agreement Modifying the Provisions of a Shareholders' Agreement dated 21 November 1985 (as amended and supplemented) relating to United Kingdom Nirex Limited.

199.  The agreement entitled Nirex Debt Assignment between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

200.  The agreement entitled Waste Management Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

201.  Memorandum between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc relating to the Irradiated Oxide Fuel Transport Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

202.  Letter from Nuclear Electric plc to British Nuclear Fuels plc relating to the Agreement relating to the Provision of Uranium Procurement Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc dated 27 March 1991.

203.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Transport Services for the Carriage of Low Level Waste Containers between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

204.  The agreement entitled Sub-contract relating to Capacity and Output from Nuclear Stations between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

205.  The agreement entitled Interim Uranium Management Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

206.  Letter to AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to the Natural Uranium Concentrates Sales Agreement dated 6th December 1993 between Everest Exploration, Inc, the Highland Uranium Project and Nuclear Electric plc.

207.  Letter from AGR & PWR Co. Limited to Nuclear Electric plc relating to Engineering and Projects Division Assets: Sale and Purchase Agreement between the Vendor and the Purchaser relating to the sale of the Vendor’s AGR and PWR assets.

208.  The agreement entitled Contract for Differences between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

Inter-Company Loans

209.  The agreement entitled Agreement relating to Inter-Company Loans between British Energy plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Scottish Nuclear Limited.

Pensions

210.  Deed of Amendment made by Nuclear Electric plc, relating to the Nuclear Electric Group, of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (Clause 19A).

211.  Deed of Amendment made by Nuclear Electric plc relating to the Nuclear Electric Group of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme (Clause 2c), and Agreed Form of Group Trustees' Transfer Agreement.

212.  Demerger Deed between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited relating to Nuclear Electric Group of the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme, and agreed form Purchaser Group Deed of Amendment and Block Transport Notice.

213.  The agreement entitled Pensions Administration Services Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

214.  Letter to M J Jones Esq headed GN16 Statement by Vendor and relating to the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme.

215.  Letter to M J Jones Esq headed GN16 Statement by Purchaser and relating to the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme.

Tax Affairs

216.  The agreement entitled Agreement relating to Tax Affairs between Nuclear Electric plc, AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Scottish Nuclear Limited.

Cross-trading Contracts

217.  The agreement entitled Training Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

218.  The agreement entitled Oldbury Training Centre Administrative Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

219.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Utility Services at Oldbury Training Centre between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

220.  The agreement entitled Information Systems Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

221.  The agreement entitled Communication System Project Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

222.  The agreement entitled Emergency Dose Assessment Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

223.  The agreement entitled Emergency Planning Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

224.  The agreement entitled Strategic Spares Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

225.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Co-operation in Relation to a Plant Evaluation Programme between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

226.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Co-operation in Relation to Central Feedback Unit Services between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

227.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Epidemiology Services between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

228.  The agreement entitled Technical Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

229.  The agreement entitled Technical Collaboration Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

230.  The agreement entitled Key Team Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

231.  The agreement entitled Site Access and Services Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

232.  The agreement entitled Littlebrook Storage Services Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

233.  The agreement entitled Shielded Area Agreement between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

234.  The agreement entitled Cost Allocation and Sharing Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

235.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Emergency Services at Sizewell between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

236.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of an 11kV Electricity Supply at Sizewell between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

237.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Plant Management and Sewage Treatment Services at Sizewell between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

238.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Routine Environmental Monitoring Services at Sizewell between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

239.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Public Relations Services at Sizewell between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

240.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Emergency Services at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

241.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Routine Environmental Monitoring Services at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

242.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Incineration of Low Level Active Waste at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

243.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Security Services at Dungeness between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

244.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Maintenance of an Emergency CW Discharge Route at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

245.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Demineralised Water at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

246.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Management of a Beach Feeding Contract at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

247.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Management or a Navigation Buoy Contract at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

248.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of access to and maintenance of Salt Water Fire Main Services at Dungeness between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

249.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of a 6.6kV Inter-connection at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

250.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Utilities at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

251.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Sewage Treatment Services at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

252.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Provision of Public Relations Services at Dungeness between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

253.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Emergency Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

254.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of a Back-up Supply of Carbon Dioxide at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

255.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Operation of the 11kV Site Supplies System at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

256.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Treated Water at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

257.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Incineration of Low Level Active Waste at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

258.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Services in Relation to the inspection and maintenance of the Sea Wall and the Gabion Wall at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

259.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Steam Supply Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

260.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Document Storage and Retrieval Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

261.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Security Services at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

262.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Training Facilities at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

263.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Switching Services and Busbar Configuration at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

264.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Maintenance and Operation of the Town Water Main and Fire Main Systems at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

265.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Combwich District Survey Laboratory Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

266.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Maintenance of an Active Effluent Discharge Line at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

267.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Provision of Public Relations Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

268.  The agreement entitled Agreement for provision of Hypochlorination Dosing Plant Services at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

269.  The agreement entitled Agreement in Relation to a Chemistry Facilities at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

270.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of IT Infrastructure Support Services at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

271.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Facilities and Services from Nuclear Electric to Magnox at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

272.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Facilities and Services from Magnox to Nuclear Electric at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

273.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of CW Intake and Outfall Services at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

274.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Sewerage Treatment Services at Hinkley Point between Nuclear Electric plc and AGR & PWR Co. Limited.

275.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Maintenance and Operation of the Combwich Wharf at Hinkley Point between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

276.  The memorandum between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc relating to the European Support Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

277.  The memorandum between AGR & PWR Co. Limited and Nuclear Electric plc relating to the Berths Agreement dated 31 March 1990 and Deed of Novation.

Establishment of Segregated Fund and Fundco

278.  The agreement entitled Nuclear Decommissioning Agreement between AGR & PWR Co. Limited, Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Energy plc, Nuclear Generation Decommissioning Fund Limited and the Trustees of the Nuclear Trust.

II. SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN SCOTTISH NUCLEAR LIMITED AND NUCLEAR ELECTRIC PLC

279.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Parts of the Business and Certain Assets of Scottish Nuclear Limited between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

280.  The agreement entitled Assignation by Scottish Nuclear Limited in favour of itself and Nuclear Electric plc, relating to Intellectual Property Assignation.

281.  The agreement entitled Agreement between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc, relating to PWR Intellectual Property Licence.

282.  Disposition by Scottish Nuclear Limited in favour of Nuclear Electric plc, relating to Hunterston A Power Station.

283.  Deed of Conditions by Scottish Nuclear Limited, relating to Station A and Hunterston B Power Station Hunterston, West Kilbride, Ayrshire.

284.  Licence between Nuclear Electric plc and Scottish Nuclear Limited, relating to the Off-site Emergency Control Room at Hunterston A.

285.  The agreement in the form of a Side Letter from Scottish Nuclear Limited to Nuclear Electric plc concerning Access to Railhead Facilities at Hunterston A.

286.  Disposition by Scottish Nuclear Limited in favour of Nuclear Electric plc, relating to Portencross, Ayrshire.

287.  Lease between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc, relating to area of ground lying at A78 roundabout and at Hunterston B.

288.  The agreement entitled Provision of Towns Water Supplies at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

289.  The agreement entitled Provision of Clothing, Equipment and Materials at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

290.  The agreement entitled Provision of District Survey and Boundary Monitoring services at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

291.  The agreement entitled Provision of Pumping and Sewage Treatment Services at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

292.  The agreement entitled Active Effluent Treatment and Discharge at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

293.  The agreement entitled Site Access Roads at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

294.  The agreement entitled Provision of Emergency Services at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

295.  The agreement entitled Provision of Decontamination and First Aid Services at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

296.  The agreement entitled Provision of Security Services of Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

297.  The agreement entitled Provision of Support Services at Hunterston between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

298.  The agreement entitled Nuclear Site Licence Co-operation Agreement between Scottish Nuclear Limited and Nuclear Electric plc.

299.  Deed of Novation in relation to the Framework Agreement for the Management of Historic Liabilities between Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Nuclear Fuels and Nuclear Electric plc.

300.  Deed of Novation in relation to the Storage, Recovery and Disposal of Historic Uranic Residues Agreement between Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Nuclear Fuels and Nuclear Electric plc.

301.  Deed of Novation in relation to the Magnox Flask Maintenance Contract between Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Nuclear Fuels and Nuclear Electric plc.

302.  Deed of Novation in respect of the Agreement for Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Magnox Fuel and Related Services (The Future Area Contract) between Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Nuclear Fuels and Nuclear Electric plc.

303.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement known as the Supply of Fuel for Use in Advanced Gas Cooled Reactors Agreement dated 30 March 1995 between Scottish Nuclear Limited, British Nuclear Fuels and Nuclear Electric plc.

304.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement for Storage, Recovery and Disposal of Historic Uranic Residues between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

305.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement known as the Technical Services Agreement dated 30 March 1995 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

306.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Framework Agreement for the Management of Historic Liabilities dated 30 March 1995 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

307.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement known as the Manufacture of Non-Standard Fuel and Provision of Services Agreement dated 30 March 1995 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

308.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement known as the Reprocessing and Storage Facility Agreement dated 30 March 1995 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

309.  Deed of Amendment in respect of the Agreement for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Magnox Fuel and Related Services (The Future Area Contract) dated 30 March 1995 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

310.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Magnox Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

311.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Oxide Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

312.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Oxide Miscellaneous Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

313.  Deed of Release and Discharge in Respect of liabilities relating to the Decommissioning of Land, Capital Plant, Buildings, Equipment and other facilities at Springfields between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

314.  The agreement entitled NIREX Debt Assignation between Scottish Nuclear Ltd and Nuclear Electric plc.

315.  Letter of Intimation of Nirex Debt Assignation between Scottish Nuclear Ltd and Magnox Electric plc.

316.  The agreement entitled The Scottish Nuclear Pension Scheme Deed of Accession between Scottish Nuclear Ltd, P D Stevenson and Others and Nuclear Electric plc.

317.  Umbrella Deed relating to the Restrictive Trade Practices Act between Nuclear Electric plc, Scottish Nuclear Ltd and British Nuclear Fuels plc.

III. MAGNOX ARRANGEMENTS

318.  The agreements entitled Service agreement relating to: Dennis Joynson, Raymond Walter Hall, Mark Alexander Wyndham Baker, Stephen Robert Ogle and Dr Clive Smitton.

IV. ORIGINAL BNFL FUEL SUPPLY ARRANGEMENTS

319.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Supply of Fuel for Use in Advanced Gas Cooled Reactors and Associated Decommissioning between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

320.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

321.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

322.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Miscellaneous Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

323.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Manufacture of Non-Standard Fuel and Provision of Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

324.  The agreement entitled Technical Services Agreement between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

325.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Storage, Recovery and Disposal of Historic Uranic Residues between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

326.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Services Relating to the Transportation and Storage of Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

327.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Services Relating to the Receipt and the Storage of Uranium Ore Concentrate between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

328.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Additional Payments in respect of Nuclear Fuel Services relating to liabilities in respect of Storage of Tails UF6 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

329.  The agreement entitled Agreement relating to the Supply of First Charge Fuel and Supporting Services for Sizewell “B” Power Station between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

330.  The agreement entitled Agreement relating to the Supply of Reload Fuel for Use in Sizewell “B” Pressurised Water Reactor between Nuclear Electric plc and British Nuclear Fuels plc.

331.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Supply of Fuel for Use in Advanced Gas Cooled Reactors between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

332.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Long Term Storage of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and related services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

333.  The agreement entitled Framework Agreement for the Management of Historic Liabilities between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

334.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Storage, Recovery and Disposal of Historic Uranic Residues between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

335.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Magnox Fuel and Related Services (The Future Area Contract) between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

336.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Additional Payments in respect of Nuclear Fuel Services relating to the Decommissioning of Land, Capital Plant, Buildings, Equipment and other Facilities at Capenhurst between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

337.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and Related Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

338.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Services Relating to the Transportation and Storage of Enriched UF6 and Tails UF6 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

339.  The agreement entitled Technical Services Agreement between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

340.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Manufacture of Non-Standard Fuel and Provision of Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

341.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Flask Maintenance between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

342.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Miscellaneous Services between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

343.  The agreement entitled Agreement for Additional Payments in respect of Nuclear Fuel Services relating to Liabilities in respect of the Storage of Tails UF6 between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

344.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the Provision of Services Relating to the Receipt and Storage of Uranium Ore Concentrate between British Nuclear Fuels plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

345.  Side letters dated 30 March 1995 relating to: the agreement for the supply of fuel for use in advanced gas cooled reactors; agreement for the manufacture of non-standard fuel and provision of services; Fuel Cycle Services Agreements; Fellside Heat and Power Ltd agreement; and agreement for the Storage and Reprocessing of Irradiated Oxide Fuel and Related Services.

V. AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE NATIONAL GRID COMPANY PLC AND AGR & PWR CO. LIMITED

346.  The agreement entitled the Accession Agreement between The National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

347.  The agreement entitled the Supplemental Agreement (in respect of Dungeness B Power Station) between The National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

348.  The agreement entitled the Supplemental Agreement (in respect of Hinkley Point B Power Station) between The National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

349.  Deed of Novation in respect of Supplemental Agreements between Nuclear Electric plc and the National Grid Company plc between parties as above and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

350.  The agreement entitled Master Ancillary Services Agreement between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric Ltd.

351.  Deed of Novation in respect of certain Supplemental Ancillary Services Agreements between Nuclear Electric plc and the National Grid Company plc between parties as above and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.)

352.  Letters in relation to Payments for Reactive Power from 1st April 1996 between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

353.  Letter in respect of Triennial Review between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

354.  Deed of Novation in respect of Interface Agreements dated 31 March 1990 between Nuclear Electric plc and the National Grid Company plc between parties as above and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

355.  The agreement entitled the Interface Agreement in respect of Power and Substations at Hinkley Point B between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

356.  Deed of Novation in respect of the Interface Agreement dated 31 March 1990 between The Central Electricity Generating Board (for its Nuclear Electric Division) and the North Western Electricity Board between Nuclear Electric plc, the North Western Electricity Board plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

357.  The agreement entitled the Asset Licence and Facility Agreement Relating to Genco Assets on NGC land at Sizewell B Power Station, Suffolk betwen the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

358.  The agreement entitled the Asset Licence and Facility Agreement Relating to NGC Assets on Genco’s land, Suffolk at Sizewell B Power Station between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

359.  The agreement entitled Agreement for the use of Eastern Electricity’s Distribution System between Eastern Group plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

360.  The agreement entitled Use of Distribution System Agreement between Yorkshire Electricity Group plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

361.  Notice of Proposed Terms of use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to South Western Electricity plc.

362.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to South Wales Electricity plc.

363.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from Southern Electric plc to AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

364.  The agreement entitled Interim Agreement for Use of SEEBOARD’s Distribution System between AGR & PWR Co. Ltd and SEEBOARD.

365.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to NORWEB.

366.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to Northern Electric plc.

367.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to Midlands Electricity plc.

368.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to MANWEB plc.

369.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to London Electricity plc.

370.  Notice of Proposed Terms of Use of Distribution System from AGR & PWR Co. Ltd to East Midlands Electricity plc.

371.  The agreement entitled Contract for Instruction of Operational Switching and Safety Precautions on Busbar Selector Isolators between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

372.  The agreement entitled Contract for Remote Operation Services between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

373.  The agreement entitled Supplemental Agreement Type 5 (for Second Tier Suppliers acting in that capacity taking Energy through any Grid Supply Point and through a Distribution System owned or operated by any other person) between the National Grid Company plc and AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

374.  Deed of Variation to amend a Contract for Remote Operation Services dated 26 April 1991 between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

375.  Deed of Variation to amend a Contract for Instruction of Operational Switching and Safety precautions on Busbar Selector Isolators dated 26 April 1991 between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

376.  Memorandum of Understanding between the Directors of British Energy plc, the Directors of AGR & PWR Co. Ltd, the Directors of Scottish Nuclear Ltd and the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry.

VI. ARRANGEMENTS WITH HER MAJESTY'S SECRETARY OF STATE FOR TRADE AND INDUSTRY

377.  Deed of Assignment of AGR & PWR Co. Ltd debt between Nuclear Electricity plc and Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry.

378.  Deed of Assignment of Scottish Nuclear Ltd debt between Nuclear Electricity plc and Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry.

379.  Notice of Assignment from Nuclear Electric plc and Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry to AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

380.  Notice of Assignment from Nuclear Electric plc and Her Majesty’s Secretary of State to Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

381.  Undertaking from Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry to Nuclear Electric plc.

382.  Deed of Assignment relating to debt owned by AGR & PWR Co. Ltd between Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and British Energy plc.

383.  Deed of Assignment of relating to debt owed by Scottish Nuclear between Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and British Energy plc.

384.  Notice of Assignment from Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and British Energy plc to AGR & PWR Co. Ltd.

385.  Notice of Assignment from Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and British Energy plc to Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

386.  Deed of Waiver relating to part of the debt owed by British Energy plc between Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and British Energy plc.

387.  Deed of Waiver relating to part of a debt owed by AGR & PWR Co. Ltd between British Energy plc and Nuclear Electric Ltd.

388.  Deed of Waiver relating to part of a debt owed by Scottish Nuclear Ltd between British Energy plc and Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

389.  Escrow Memorandum between Her Majesty’s Secretary of State for Trade & Industry, Secretary of State for Scotland, Nuclear Electric plc, British Energy plc, AGR & PWR Co. Ltd & Scottish Nuclear Ltd.

VII. AGREEMENTS BETWEEN NATIONAL GRID COMPANY PLC AND NUCLEAR ELECTRIC PLC

390.  Deed of Variation to amend an Interface Agreement dated 31 March 1990 relating to Power and Substations at Hinkley Point between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

391.  Deed of Variation to Amend an Interface Agreement dated 31 March 1990 relating to Power and Substations at Dungeness B between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

392.  Deed of Variation to Amend an Interface Agreement dated 31 March 1990 relating to Power and Substations at Dungeness A between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

393.  Deed of Variation to Amend an Interface Agreement dated 31 March 1990 relating to Power and Substations at Sizewell A between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

394.  Deed of Variation to the Supplemental Agreement to the Master Connection and Use of System Agreement reference no. A/NUCE/90/3-17EN between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

395.  Deed of Variation to the Supplemental Agreement to the Master Connection and Use of System Agreement reference no. A/NUCE/90/3-18EN between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

396.  Deed of Variation to the Supplemental Agreement to the Master Connection and Use of System Agreement reference no. A/NUCE/90/3-10EN between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

397.  Deed of Variation to the Supplemental Agreement to the Master Connection and Use of System Agreement Reference No. A/NUCE/90/3-2EN between the National Grid Company plc and Nuclear Electric plc.

EXPLANATORY NOTE
(This note is not part of the Order)

This Order specifies an agreement and a description of agreements to which the Restrictive Trade Practices Act 1976 (“the 1979 Act”) is deemed not to apply and never to have applied. By virtue of section 100(1) of the Electricity Act 1989 electricity is treated as goods for the purposes of the 1976 Act. This Order provides that the agreement specified in Article 2(2) of the Order and agreements meeting the description set out in Article 2(4) thereof nevertheless fall outside the provisions of the 1976 Act.

(1)1989 c. 29.
(2)See section 100(3) of the Electricity Act 1989.
(3)1976 c. 34.
Previous
Next
Back to top
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated© Crown copyright

----

[SP MANWEB PLC][company:02366937]

https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-of-trade-and-industry

[company:02366937]: https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company/02366937
